The professor promised to make fun of himself .
The professor promised to examine himself .
The professor promised to diagnose himself .
The professor promised to embarrass himself .
The professor promised to disguise himself .
The professor guaranteed to make fun of himself .
The professor guaranteed to examine himself .
The professor guaranteed to diagnose himself .
The professor guaranteed to embarrass himself .
The professor guaranteed to disguise himself .
The professor offered to make fun of himself .
The professor offered to examine himself .
The professor offered to diagnose himself .
The professor offered to embarrass himself .
The professor offered to disguise himself .
The lawyer promised to make fun of himself .
The lawyer promised to examine himself .
The lawyer promised to diagnose himself .
The lawyer promised to embarrass himself .
The lawyer promised to disguise himself .
The lawyer guaranteed to make fun of himself .
The lawyer guaranteed to examine himself .
The lawyer guaranteed to diagnose himself .
The lawyer guaranteed to embarrass himself .
The lawyer guaranteed to disguise himself .
The lawyer offered to make fun of himself .
The lawyer offered to examine himself .
The lawyer offered to diagnose himself .
The lawyer offered to embarrass himself .
The lawyer offered to disguise himself .
The artist promised to make fun of himself .
The artist promised to examine himself .
The artist promised to diagnose himself .
The artist promised to embarrass himself .
The artist promised to disguise himself .
The artist guaranteed to make fun of himself .
The artist guaranteed to examine himself .
The artist guaranteed to diagnose himself .
The artist guaranteed to embarrass himself .
The artist guaranteed to disguise himself .
The artist offered to make fun of himself .
The artist offered to examine himself .
The artist offered to diagnose himself .
The artist offered to embarrass himself .
The artist offered to disguise himself .
The student promised to make fun of himself .
The student promised to examine himself .
The student promised to diagnose himself .
The student promised to embarrass himself .
The student promised to disguise himself .
The student guaranteed to make fun of himself .
The student guaranteed to examine himself .
The student guaranteed to diagnose himself .
The student guaranteed to embarrass himself .
The student guaranteed to disguise himself .
The student offered to make fun of himself .
The student offered to examine himself .
The student offered to diagnose himself .
The student offered to embarrass himself .
The student offered to disguise himself .
The child promised to make fun of himself .
The child promised to examine himself .
The child promised to diagnose himself .
The child promised to embarrass himself .
The child promised to disguise himself .
The child guaranteed to make fun of himself .
The child guaranteed to examine himself .
The child guaranteed to diagnose himself .
The child guaranteed to embarrass himself .
The child guaranteed to disguise himself .
The child offered to make fun of himself .
The child offered to examine himself .
The child offered to diagnose himself .
The child offered to embarrass himself .
The child offered to disguise himself .